6 million lives were saved by Bill Gates with vaccines and better healthcare.
Ancient Babylonians did math in base 60 instead of base 10. That's why we have 60 seconds in a minute and 360 degrees in a circle.
Harry Potter books have been translated into more than 70 languages.
Human inhabitants first settled in the Amazon rainforest at least 11,200 years ago
There is a pilgrimage site in Sri Lanka that is holy to four religions for a "sacred footprint": Hinduism, Islam, Buddhism and Christianity.
The Sun formed about 4.6 billion years ago from the collapse of part of a giant molecular cloud that consisted mostly of hydrogen and helium
Iran arrested 14 squirrels for spying in 2007
Nearly one tourist has died every week in Hawaii, on average, from 2012 to 2015.
3 in every 10 teen girls in the U.S. get pregnant
3.4 million people die each year from water-related causes
A young Isaac Newton once threatened to burn his mother and stepfather alive.
In Peru, there's a billboard that creates drinkable water out of thin air
In 2005, an Ethiopian girl was being brutally beaten by 7 men when a pride of lions chased them away. They even stayed with her until help arrived.
Benjamin Franklin wrote "Fart Proudly", a scientific essay about farts.
Popcorn was first domesticated in Mexico 9,000 years ago.
The 2011 earthquake near Japan increased the Earth's rotation speed, shortening the day by 1.8 microseconds.
When Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin landed on the Moon, they honored soviet cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin by leaving behind one of his medals.
Sweat itself is odorless. It's the bacteria on the skin that mingles with it and produces body odor.
Pluto was discovered  by a young  research assistant  in 1930.
Killing someone to prevent the theft of property is legal in Texas
In 1900, all the world's mathematical knowledge could be written in about 80 books; today it would fill more than 100,000 books.
Pluto, Mickey Mouse's dog, was named after the planet, not the other way around
All pandas in the world are on loan from China
In 1989, Margaret Thatcher pleaded with Mikhail Gorbachev to keep the Berlin Wall up.
China uses 45 billion chopsticks per year.
There's only one STOP sign in the entire city of Paris.
The Titanic could have been saved if it wasn't for a 30-second delay in giving the order to change course after spotting the iceberg
In 2013, a fake tweet temporarily wiped out US$130 billion off the stock market
A tiger's roar can be heard as far as 1.8 miles (3 km) away
It's illegal for foreigners to take Indian currency (rupees) out of India
Recycling one ton of paper saves 682.5 gallons of oil, 7,000 gallons of water and 3.3 cubic yards of landfill space
With over 4 billion people and 30% of Earth's total land area, Asia is the Earth's largest and most populous continent.
New Brain Connections Are Created Every Time You Form a Memory
The Pentagon has a plan for combating a zombie apocalypse
Civilian casualties on D-Day and D+1 are estimated at 3,000 people.
North Korean archaeologists announced the world in 2012 they "discovered" lair of the UNICORN ridden by legendary King Tongmyung 2000 years ago.
Every minute,2 million searches are performed on Google.
A beautiful face attracts more partners than a beautiful body, according to a scientific survey.
There is a persistent storm at Lake Maracaibo, Venezuela. Lightning storms occur for about 10 hours a night, 140 to 160 nights a year, for a total of about 1.2 million lightning discharges per year.
27,000 trees are felled each day for toilet paper
Farting helps reduce high blood pressure and is good for your health.
The Blue-ringed octopus is one of the world's most venomous marine animals: it can kill you in one bite, there is no anti-venom.
People who spend a lot of time on the internet are more likely to be depressed, lonely and mentally unstable, a study found.
Until the 1970s in Belgium, table beer was served in schools refectories.
When Fidel Castro seized power in Cuba, he immediately ordered all game sets of Monopoly to be destroyed.
In 2010, the Catholic Church had an income of US$97 billion.
Monkey brains are eaten as a delicacy in parts of China, South Asia and Africa.
The roar of a lion can be heard from 8 kilometers (5.0 miles) away.
Australian koalas are in danger of extinction because over half of them have chlamydia.
Classical Greek culture, which flourished during the 5th to 4th centuries BC, had a powerful influence on the Roman Empire and provided the foundation of modern Western culture.
Goldfish can see infrared radiation that is invisible to us.
Chimpanzees share 99% of their DNA with humans, and mice are 98% genetically similar to humans.
Men with attractive wives report higher levels of satisfaction with their marriages, a study says.
The three largest branches of Christianity are the Roman Catholic Church, the Eastern Orthodox Church and the various denominations of Protestantism.
Dinosaurs lived on Earth for 150 million years. We've been around for just 0.1% of that time.
15 billion cigarettes are smoked worldwide every day
Goldfish can't close their eyes as they have no eyelids.
In 2008, a chimpanzee named Anjana adopted and raised two baby white tigers named Mitra and Shiva after a hurricane.
WW1 was the sixth deadliest conflict in world history.
The smallest known dinosaur was about four inches (10 cm) tall and weighed less than a chihuahua.
Leonardo DiCaprio's name is Leonardo because his mother was standing in front of a Leonardo Da Vinci's portrait when he first kicked.
Hiroshima and Nagasaki are not radioactive anymore mostly because the bombs didn't touch the ground but were detonated in the air.
In 1990, Harry Potter author J. K. Rowling was on a crowded train from Manchester to London when the idea for Harry suddenly "fell into her head".
11.2 million people live in Cuba as of 2019.
At least 690 executions were recorded by Amnesty International in 20 countries in 2018, a decrease of 31% compared to 2017.
Prostitutes in the Netherlands pay taxes
At least 1 in 25 people sentenced to the death penalty in the U.S. are innocent.
Over 1.5 million Venezuelans --4% to 6% of the country's population-- left Venezuela following Hugo Chavez's Bolivarian Revolution
Leif Erikson is regarded as the first European to land in North America, nearly 500 years before Columbus.
Banana ketchup is popular in the Philippines.
The South American revolutionary Simon Bolivar was, at various times, president of Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Venezuela.
A Father's Diet Before Conception Plays a Crucial Role in a Child's Health.
When George Washington passed away in 1799,  Britain's entire Royal Navy lowered its flags at half mast.
Low vitamin D levels during pregnancy have been linked to autism.
1 in 5 people in the world still lacks access to modern electricity
After the Vietnam war, farmers recycled thousands of external fuel tanks from U.S. aircraft to create river boats and canoe
In Thailand, Burma, Sri Lanka, Cambodia and Lao, the Buddhist New Year is celebrated for three days.
In 2012, Elvis Presley's underwear was auctioned off but no one bought it.
We Are Living In The Most Peaceful Time In Human History.
In Iran, a law from 2013 allows Men to marry their 13-year-old adopted daughters
Monkeys can count.
Steve Jobs was dyslexic
The Mount Everest grows 0.1576 inches (4mm) each year
No man has been on the Moon in the last 41 years.
Elvis Presley didn't write any of his songs.
The Death Penalty is legal in 32 U.S. states.
In 2001, Argentina had 5 presidents in 10 days.
It took Danny Elfman just two days to compose The Simpsons famous theme in 1989
The Eiffel Tower was built for the 1889 Paris Exposition and was not intended to be permanent
Martin Luther King Jr. plagiarized a significant portion of his doctoral dissertation from one written by another student 3 years earlier.
With over 95.5 million inhabitants as of 2019, Egypt is the most populous country in the Arab world and the third-most populous in Africa.
The second-largest lake in Bolivia is called Lake Poopo. It's not a freshwater lake
It's scientifically proven: being in love makes you a less productive person.
On any given workday, up to 50,000 employees worked in the WTC twin towers before 9/11.
It snowed in the Sahara Desert in 1979.
Over 20,000 people die of Cancer every day.
In 1994, a 75-pound bag of cocaine fell out of a plane and landed in the middle of a Florida crime watch meeting.
1 billion people speak English. That's 1 in every 7 on earth.
Between 1974 and 1983, up to 30,000 people went "missing" in Argentina. Most were killed by the military junta running the country.
Anne Frank's family was denied visas by the U.S. because of stricter immigration policies.